# Nillion Developer Feedback

## 1.	Rate Your Experience

On a scale of 1 to 5, I would rate the overall developer experience with Nillion as a 3.5

Nillion offers powerful tools and a robust API, especially for handling secure computations like TOTP and AI-based tasks. The integration process is relatively smooth, and the documentation is clear. However, there may be a learning curve when first working with blind computation and ensuring compatibility with other technologies in the stack. Improved developer support or more extensive examples could elevate the experience further.

## 2.	Tools and Resources

What docs did you use while building your project?

What tools did you use while building your project?
- Nillion SDK? (e.g., nada, nillion-devnet, pynadac)
  * nada
  * nillion-devnet
  * pynadac
  * nada-ai
  * nada-numpy
  * nilup
  * py_nillion_client
  * nillion/client-web
  
- Any other tools?
  * Postman

What additional docs or examples would be helpful for Nillion development?
  * Clear architectural description of the Nillion network and information on the internal operations performed in nodes would be of great help

What additional tools would be helpful for Nillion development?

## 3.	Encountered Errors

What errors did you encounter while developing? Please describe them in detail.


## 4. Support and Resources

What was most helpful when you faced issues during development with Nillion?
- Nillion Office Hours
  * Jose, Mathias, Tim connected with us over a call to provide their feedback on your usecase. It was great talking to them about future possibilities of our usecases
- Direct assistance from the Nillion team over Discord
  * Thanks to Dave and Steph for clearing any blockers we had during development phase
- Nillion documentation

## 5. Suggestions for Improvement

<h3>Technical Insights</h3>
<ul>
<li>The current support for NADA is limited in Nillion and needs to be extended with multiple other arithmetic operations and libraries to support more complex computations. In order to create higher grade cryptographic algorithms, we would need multi-operand computation in a single line for much cleaner code. We had to create multiple temporary variables, making the code a bit clumsy.</li>
<li>We observed some intermittent connection issues connecting to Nillion Testnet.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Key Benefits</h3>
<ul>
<li>The concept of blind app is a new technology of its kind and the perfect feature for the IDENTICATE Platform. We were able to securely execute our cryptographic computations on the Nillion Network and generate the TOTP.</li>
<li>We used nada-ai and nada-numpy to create a neural network that superpowers the travel time estimation feature on IDENTICATE. The secure execution environment of Nillion provides the privacy required to preserve user data.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Improvement Suggestions</h3>
<ul>
<li>It would be great to have Nada Libraries for Hashing Algorithms.</li>
<li>We also need support for logic operations like AND, OR, and NOT operations on the operands.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Stories</h3>
<p>Our project leverages the Blind app created on Nillion to verify the Time-based One-Time Passwords (TOTPs) generated by the client application. This integration of Nillion's Blind app technology provides the ideal secure authentication mechanism needed for our IDENTICKET system, enhancing both the security and privacy aspects of our ticketing solution.</p>

## 6. Do you have any other comments about DX on Nillion? Let us know here
<p>The digital experience with Nillion is designed to be intuitive and developer-friendly, offering a seamless interface for integrating advanced cryptographic computations into various applications. The platform provides clear documentation and a well-structured SDK</p>

